Change Explorer to Catalog (#7629)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/external-metadata-ingestion.md

1. Click your account name at the bottom of the left-side menu and click **[Account settings](/docs/cloud/account-settings)**.
2. Under Account information, go to **Settings** and click **Edit** at the top right corner of the page.

> 3. Select the **Ingest external metadata in dbt Catalog** option (if not already enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the **Ingest external metadata in <Constant name="explorer" />** option (if not already enabled).
```

> 3. Select the **Ingest external metadata in <Constant name="explorer" />** option (if not already enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the **Ingest external metadata in dbt <Constant name="explorer" /> (formerly dbt Explorer)** option (if not already enabled).
```
Must match the UI:
<img width="660" height="208" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-14 at 6 15 04 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/14c6aa56-505b-470d-81f6-6ac559238e96" />
